so friends your simon here it is monday
it is partly and it is one
beautiful weather
that's why we go out simon makes free
latics today sat 1 next time
with part 2 I show you a few
nice exercises that you can do outside
You do not always need a gym off
and one needs jim I will give you
to tell something
at the place but not always in jim
nice weather just go out there
There are so many great exercises too
we as fitness athletes ours
want to build body super outdoors
Today I can show you one
year the classic how to do it right
that's why a whole video like
Do you make babies or how do I make them
maybe some will say the same
he does it differently or something but I say
you where it depends a little bit on it
and next time I'll show you
few other exercises you still very much
can do well without appliances without
job
So coming out so many of you joy
or many in total ask me something
do you think of free latics is of
big trends and big hype that will
I should not prefer to come right
train without Jim instead of without
Devices the guys pretend that
the lakes are so wide
I do not think that muscle is right
they have built up with 4x with
felix can not therefore muscular
Of course you will get your muscles
claim
you are defined you get a nice
defined figure that's what you get
but you do not get this one this way
year this lhasa angelov body my
I would not have body with only Felix
but can build or build up
Felix is a very very beautiful one
supplement for weight training because we
we train a lot of musculature
maybe not so much in the gym
So you're really training a lot
functional movements where so much the
Auxiliary musculature is addressed
where inner muscles are very strong
the whole thing will be addressed
Coordination between signal and and
Receiver of the muscles a bit
that's why it's trained
very very good addition easy to
our sport and with such a
You just have to have wonderful weather
go outside you can do the gym sometimes
Just let it whiz
we should still sport a bit
make it go we go out today how
said an exercise so soy classic
really when fedex and although the
Babies babies is a very good exercise
That's why we introduce it but it is
also an exercise the many wrong
if you do it right
you really on almost the whole body
be many legs with the butt with
we really have a lot of the court
abdominal muscles inner inner
abdominal muscles in it
if we have the breast in with it
shoulders with back in have one
a little less in it and it was one
very nice exercise and i see her
often very very wrong there are many
prix latics courses or any
Courses were not so specific
attention is paid to the versions and
then maybe you will see this
typical one then goes down jumps
make a liegestütz then jump up
pushes up and jumps somehow
high then everything always looks like this
a bit weird one looks then that
The main thing is you make many
repetitions one makes because of many
and there are just a few things that
first if you go down so it is
not good for the knees we burden too
little strain on the whole thigh
too little the butt
we also go from an upper position
high that sanzen so the exercise makes
Only really make sense if you get it right
I'll show you and do it right
what you have to look out for a bit
as I said there are certainly many latics
Boys can do it even better
to explain
but for our community i can
maybe very well and tell you
a bit of what matters
correct bertis or how I find that
they may be right if he does
now some moan but for me
Make it work so well
a little different that means he takes
the legs like a squad that is
you take them apart nicely
of course, so do the toe tips
do not necessarily have to be exactly forward
show but like a squad
saving back easily backs up
press back
properly activate the back that is
a lightweight hollow cross make everything
save as you would in scott
want easy to position and then
hands go between feet and
this is the first step between the
Feet and then you get the yes
legs back
that means he goes forward and put
the legs forward that is convenient
the first step after that made
liegestütz position goes up pulls the
legs forward
since again in ascot position and then
can you just now the clean sport
or you can really do it too
high jump or similar but do
just from the squad and not many
then go to put the legs here
here somehow high and jumps up
that's too much of a burden
on the knees do not have a squad position
or have no real movement
as with the squat activated with it
not so much muscle has one
round back there 's the danger that I
hurt really pay attention
that you really have a johannes cords
position also when going up
that means scott position again
clamped to the rear position
scott position and you can do that
high jump with the hands you can
Do whatever you want and then go like that
more then you really have a very
very nice exercise that you very very good
can also do repetitions
So really right babies without
The End
But that really looks like the technology
Do not suffer what makes us easy
no sense
many buy the videos do that
if you do it wrong from the beginning
you might really be up to it
Balance will be the whole thing
maybe not clean properly
That's why they're watching you
Proper technology really looks that way
makes sense and then make fun
a meaningful exercise is meaningful
any case for outdoors for spherics
workout and that's why it was one
good exercise so from the things you
can do outside by free latics work
from Wendeburg also have several exercises
subscribed to the channel writes
get comments next time
a few more exercises you
very good outside
on facebook is over and
training nutrition system with there can
you just insert the whole thing as well
said to the workout what a good one
addition is to stay tuned